So, being a wealth manager in the day to day is first getting to know your clients,
planning for the future,
their investments,
and accompanying them in the implementation of that plan.
My team is mostly dedicated
to professionals,
so we find the big accountancy
and law firms
and mainly their partners
as we try to accompany them all along the way of their career.
I've always loved the people aspect
of that job
and the fact that I speak to people on a day to day.
I help them and I like when the clients are engaged
and trying to challenge me, really.
Quite often people come to you with a set goal in mind
and then you start talking to them and that set goal evolves.
Even sometimes just disappears completely to the benefit of the new plan.
Of the new goal.
You know a lot of clients come
to me and say,
Oh, I'm interested, I want to plan ahead,
but I'm not sure that I'm a wealth client in terms of the amount I have to invest.
And so what we tell them is it's something that's built along the years.
So, we need to be there as early as possible to put in place a structure for that wealth
so that when we start investing it,
it's already in a place where it's allowed to grow in the best way possible.
I've been in the industry my whole career and I've worked with other big banks before,
and what I like about Barclays Wealth
is that we do have this holistic view on the client's situation
going from the day-to-day admin and account maintenance
all the way through investment structuring, credit facilities.
We're going to assist with literally everything that you might need to help with.